Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S.
Leo: YOU GUYS SERIOUSLY SEE A
FLOATING ROCK IN THE SKY?
Luna: YEAH.MAYBE YOU CAN'T SEE
IT 'CAUSE YOU'RE NOT A SIGNER.
♪
HUH?
Leo: GUYS, GUYS. LOOK, THERE'S,
THERE'S, LIKE,
A GIANT FLOATING ROCK
IN THE SKY.
Primo: SO YOU MADE IT
TO THE FINALS.
I'M SORT OF DISAPPOINTED.
AT LEAST TEAM RAGNAROK WOULD'VE
PROVIDED A LITTLE CHALLENGE.
Yusei: WHAT'S THIS FLYING ROCK
ALL ABOUT?
DOES IT HAVE SOMETHING
TO DO WITH
YOUR SO-CALLED "GRAND DESIGN?"
OF COURSE IT DOES.
THAT IS THE DIVINE TEMPLE,
WHERE ILEIDOS SLEEPS.
WHAT'S THE DIVINE TEMPLE?
Jakob: YOU'LL FIND OUT
SOON ENOUGH.
WHEN WE WIN THE GRAND PRIX.
THE DIVINE TEMPLE WILL BE
REVEALED TO ALL,
AND COME CRASHING
DOWN TO THE EARTH.
MC: JACK AND LESTER ARE AT THE
STARTING LINE.
THE FINAL DUEL IS
ABOUT TO BEGIN.
[ENGINES ROAR]
Jack: THIS ONE'S FOR MY FRIENDS.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON,
RED NOVA DRAGON.
TAKE FLIGHT, RED NOVA DRAGON.
AND RID THE FIELD OF
MEKLORD EMPEROR SKIEL
GO BLAZING SOUL STRIKE.
Lester: NOBODY'S GONNA BE
RIDDING ANYTHING .
'CAUSE SKIEL GUARD'S SPECIAL
ABILITY LETS IT NEGATE
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK
ONCE A TURN.
I'M WELL AWARE OF YOUR
MONSTER'S ABILITIES,
WHICH IS WHY I LAID THIS TRAP,
POWER PRESSURE.
THIS TRAP CAN SLAM YOU FOR A
THOUSAND POINTS OF DAMAGE.
[CHUCKLING] I'M GLAD YOU DID
THAT.'CAUSE NOW I CAN ACTIVATE,
INFINITE AURA.
INFINITE AURA GAINS ONE COUNTER
FOR EVERY 100 POINTS
OF DAMAGE THAT I TAKE.
AND THEN WHAT HAPPENS?
LET'S JUST SAY
WHEN INFINITE AURA
ABSORBS
ENOUGH DAMAGE
YOU DO NOT WANNA BE
ANYWHERE NEAR IT.
Primo: THAT FOOL ATLAS HAS NO
IDEA WHAT HE'S TRIGGERED.
INDEED. THIS IS
THE BEGINNING OF THE END.
THIS BATTLE IS MINE.
GO BLAZING SOUL STRIKE.
[EXPLOSIONS]
WAY TO TAKE ONE FOR THE TEAM.
YOU DID WELL.
I THINK IT'S SAFE TO SAY THAT
NEW DOMINO CITY'S
TIME IS ALMOST UP.
[♪...]
Man: ♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[SUSTAINED CHORD FADES]
MC: IT'S ONE DOWN AND
TWO TO GO FOR TEAM NEW WORLD.
THE DEFEATED LESTER HAS PASSED
THE BATON TO PRIMO.
WELL, LOOK WHO IT IS.
I HOPE YOU'RE READY
TO BE SENT TO THE SAME
PLACE I SENT LESTER.
YOU TALK A PRETTY BIG GAME
FOR SUCH A TINY WORM.
I'M GONNA SILENCE YOU
ONCE AND FOR ALL.
[ENGINES ROAR]
Primo:[THINKING] LET'S SEE.
HE'S GOT RED NOVA DRAGON.
AND ONE FACEDOWN CARD
ON HIS FIELD.
MEANWHILE, LESTER LEFT ME WITH
INFINITE PRISON, INFINITE AURA,
AND TWO FACEDOWN CARDS.
THIS IS GONNA BE FUN.
IT'S MY TURN.
I SUMMON WISE CORE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[EXPLOSIONS]
Akiza: PRIMO MUST BE SETTING UP
TO SUMMON A MEKLORD EMPEROR.
Yusei:YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT HE HASN'T COMBINED
WITH HIS DUEL RUNNER YET.
AH.
Yusei:[THINKING] THIS DOESN'T
FEEL RIGHT.
IT'S LIKE HE'S HOLDING BACK.
WHAT'S HE WAITING FOR?
NEXT I ACTIVATE THE
LIGHTNING ROD SPEED SPELL.
WHEN I'VE GOT 2 OR
MORE SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN USE LIGHTNING ROD TO
DESTROY ONE MONSTER ON MY FIELD.
[EXPLOSIONS]
AND NOW, WHEN WISE CORE IS
DESTROYED DUE TO A CARD EFFECT,
I CAN SUMMON MEKLORD EMPEROR
WISEL INFINITY,
WISEL TOP.
WISEL ATTACK,
WISEL GUARD,
AND WISEL CARRIER.
AND WITH THAT DONE,
THE PARTS COMBINE
TO FORM MEKLORD EMPEROR WISEL.
[METAL CLANGING]
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
WAVE BYE BYE TO YOUR DRAGON.
YOUR RED NOVA DRAGON'S MINE.
'CAUSE I'M ACTIVATING MEKLORD
EMPEROR WISEL'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
ONCE A TURN, IT CAN ABSORB ONE
SYNCHRO MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD.
Jack: IF YOU HAD PAID ATTENTION,
WHILE I WAS SCHOOLING
YOUR LITTLE PAL.
YOU WOULD KNOW THAT, THAT TIRED
LITTLE STUNT OF YOURS,
ISN'T GOING TO CUT IT ANYMORE.
I ACTIVATE
RED NOVA DRAGON'S ABILITY.
BY REMOVING IT FROM PLAY,
I CAN STOP
YOUR MONSTER FROM ATTACKING.
[EXPLOSIONS]
YES.HE DODGED IT.
AND NOW MEKLORD EMPEROR CAN'T
ATTACK THIS TURN.
I FELL FOR THAT BIT ONCE.
YOU CAN'T USE THE SAME STRATEGY
TWICE AGAINST ME.
IT'S KINDA FUNNY
YOU SHOULD SAY THAT,
BECAUSE I WAS ABOUT TO SAY
THE SAME THING TO YOU.
YOU WERE?
I ACTIVATE THE
INIFINITY BARRAGE TRAP CARD.
HEY.I LEFT THAT FACEDOWN CARD
FOR YOU, NOT HIM.
WHAT DOES HE THINK HE'S DOING?
Jakob: THERE'S ONLY ONE REASON
PRIMO WOULD BREAK THE STRATEGY.
HE WANTS TO DEFEAT ALL
THREE OF THEM BY HIMSELF.
HUH? WHAT A SELFISH JERK.
WHEN YOU'VE GOT NO MONSTERS ON
YOUR FIELD,
I CAN CHOOSE NOT TO ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY AND
USE INFINITY BARRAGE INSTEAD TO
HIT YOU WITH
400 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY MONSTER ON MY FIELD.
AND WHILE MEKLORD EMPEROR MAY
ACT AS ONE MONSTER,
IT'S ACTUALLY FIVE MONSTERS.
WHICH MEANS YOU WILL BE ENJOYING
A WHOPPING 2000 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
SO THEN , YOU WERE NEVER REALLY
AFTER MY DRAGON, WERE YOU?
Crow: HUH? SO PRIMO WENT TO
ABSORB RED NOVA DRAGON,
KNOWING THAT JACK WOULD REMOVE
IT FROM PLAY,
LEAVING HIMSELF WIDE OPEN FOR
THIS INFINITY BARRAGE TRAP.
MAN, I REALLY HATE IT WHEN THE
OTHER GUYS DO SMART THINGS.
Jack: AAAARGH.
OH,NO.
I PLACE TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
YUSEI IS MY TRUE OPPONENT.
I WON'T BOTHER USING MY ULTIMATE
POWER AGAINST THE LIKES OF YOU.
YOU'RE GOING TO WISH
YOU HADN'T SAID THAT.
NOBODY UNDERESTIMATES
JACK ATLAS,
AND WALKS AWAY WITHOUT
A PROPER THRASHING
AND TO PROVE MY POINT,
I WILL FIRST RETURN RED NOVA
DRAGON TO THE FIELD.
[EXPLOSIONS]
TIME TO HEAT THINGS UP.
RED NOVA DRAGON, TAKE OUT
MEKLORD EMPEROR WISEL.
GO BLAZING SOUL STRIKE.
[EXPLOSIONS]
NICE TRY, ATLAS,
BUT I'M ACTIVATING WISEL GUARD'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
SO NOW WISEL GUARD BECOMES THE
TARGET OF YOUR ATTACK.
HOW DIM DO YOU THINK I AM?
I KNEW FULL WELL YOU WOULD TRY
TO SAVE YOURSELF
EMPLOYING THAT LITTLE MANEUVER.
WHICH IS WHY I SET
THE BURNING STRIKE TRAP.
WHEN A MONSTER EQUIPPED WITH
BURNING STRIKE ATTACKS
A MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE, IT
DEALS PIERCING DAMAGE.
REALLY HOW INTERESTING.
THIS IS GREAT,
'CAUSE RED NOVA DRAGON
IS MUCH STRONGER
THAN PRIMO'S WISEL GUARD.
JACK'S GONNA DEAL
4300 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
HE'S GONNA WIN
THIS THING RIGHT NOW.
I HOPE YOU ENJOYED
OUR TIME TOGETHER.
BECAUSE WE ARE DONE HERE.
WE'RE NOT DONE JUST YET.
'CAUSE NOW I'M ACTIVATING THE
WISE G3 TRAP.
BY SENDING WISEL GUARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN USE WISE G3
TO SUMMON ONE WISEL GUARD 3
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND.
THINK OF IT AS AN UPGRADE.
AND THANKS TO
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY,
WISEL GUARD 3 BECOMES THE NEW
TARGET OF YOUR ATTACK,
WHICH IS UNFORTUNATE FOR YOU,
BECAUSE WISEL GUARD 3 CAN NEGATE
ITS OWN DESTRUCTION
ONCE PER TURN.
[EXPLOSIONS]
FINE. BUT YOUR LIFE POINTS ARE
STILL TAKING A HIT.
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
THAT WAS SO CLOSE.
JACK ALMOST HAD HIM THERE.
WITH THAT ATTACK, MY INFINITE
AURA TRAP ACTIVATES.
SO FOR EVERY 100 POINTS
OF DAMAGE I TAKE,
INFINITE AURA GAINS ONE COUNTER.
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
THE ECHO MIRROR TRAP.
HEY, THAT CARD WAS FOR YOU TOO.
WITH MY ECHO MIRROR TRAP
IN PLAY,
WHEN A MONSTER IN DEFENSE AVOIDS
BEING DESTROYED,
I CAN DRAW ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK.
AND IF IT HAPPENS
TO BE A MONSTER CARD,
THEN YOU'RE GONNA TAKE 300
POINTS OF DAMAGE PER LEVEL.
I DREW WISEL ATTACK 3, WHICH AS
YOU MIGHT GUESS,
IS A LEVEL 3 MONSTER.
SO YOU TAKE 900 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
Jack: ARRGH.
OH, MAN.
I'M PLACING ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
MC: WHAT AN INTENSE BATTLE.
NEITHER DUELIST IS
GIVING AN INCH.
Crowd Roars: YEAH, JACK.
Primo:[THINKING] I CAN DO THIS.
I CAN END HIM RIGHT NOW.
WE'VE REACHED THE PART
IN THE STORY
WHERE YOU MEET YOUR MUCH DELAYED
DEMISE, JACK ATLAS.
YOU JUST GONNA
STAND THERE AND LET HIM
KEEP DOING WHATEVER HE WANTS?
GRRR.
PRIMO, PLAYTIME IS OVER.
GO AWAY.
YOU WILL NOT
FORSAKE OUR MISSION
JUST TO SATISFY YOU RIDICULOUS
EGO. DO YOU HEAR ME?!
LOUD AND CLEAR, BOSS.
I'LL STICK TO YOUR PLAN
LIKE A GOOD LAPDOG.
IT'S MY MOVE.
Primo: I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
REALLY.WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY DEMISE?
MC: WELL, THIS IS CERTAINLY A
CURIOUS TURN OF EVENTS.
HAS PRIMO HIT A WALL?
THAT OR HE'S SETTING UP
SOME KIND OF TRAP.
Yusei:[THINKING] AKIZA'S RIGHT.
SOMETHING IS DEFINITELY UP.
WHAT ARE THEY PLANNING?
Jack: [THINKING] WHY WOULD PRIMO
PLACE TWO CARDS FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN?
WHAT IS HE PLANNING?
THERE'S NO NEED
TO SHOW MERCY.
JUST HURRY UP AND ATTACK ME.
Yusei: [THINKING] WHAT'S THE
STRATEGY HERE?
THAT'S IT.WHATEVER THEY'RE
PLANNING, IT HAS SOMETHING
TO DO WITH THAT
INFINITE AURA'S ABILITY.
Lester: LET'S JUST SAY
WHEN INFINITE AURA
ABSORBS ENOUGH DAMAGE,
YOU DO NOT WANNA
BE ANYWHERE NEAR IT.
Yusei:[THINKING] WE'VE GOTTA
DESTROY THAT CARD.
LEO, GO GET
THE PIT BOARD, QUICK.
ON IT.
[ELECTRONIC BEEPING]
Jack:[THINKING] I SEE.
SO THAT CARD'S THE KEY
TO WHATEVER HE'S PLANNING.
IT'S MY TURN.
I PLACE A CARD FACEDOWN.
THEN,I ACTIVATE THE
SYNCHRO SONIC TRAP.
THIS CARD GRANTS ME THE POWER
TO DESTROY ONE FACE UP CARD ON
YOUR SPELL AND TRAP ZONE,
FOR EVERY SYNCHRO MONSTER
I HAVE ON MY FIELD.
SO SAY GOODBYE TO
INFINITE AURA.
UH-OH.I THINK THEY'RE ON TO US.
IT WON'T BE THAT EASY.
I ACTIVATE THE INFINITY GUARD
FORMATION TRAP CARD.
BY NEGATING MY MONSTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY THIS TURN,
I CAN ALSO NEGATE INFINITY
AURA'S DESTRUCTION.
[ELECTRONIC BUZZING]
HE WAS WILLING TO DISMANTLE
MEKLORD EMPEROR
IN ORDER TO PROTECT
THAT TRAP OF HIS?
JACK: YOU'RE DESPERATE TO
PROTECT THAT CARD, AREN'T YOU?
THEN I GUESS I'LL JUST GET RID
OF YOU INSTEAD.
WHEN MEKLORD EMPERORS ARE
DISMANTLED,
THEY'VE GOT NO ATTACK POINTS.
SO RED NOVA DRAGON
TAKE OUT
MEKLORD EMPEROR WISEL INFINITY.
GO BLAZING SOUL, STRIKE.
[RED NOVA DRAGON ROARS]
[EXPLOSIONS]
AARGH.
NOW INFINITE AURA'S
EFFECT ACTIVATES.
FOR EVERY 100 POINTS OF DAMAGE
I TOOK, IT GAINS A COUNTER.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE INFINITE
PRISON'S EFFECT.
BY DISCARDING ONE CARD
FROM MY HAND,
I GET TO TREAT ONE MONSTER CARD
IN MY GRAVEYARD AS A SPELL CARD
AND PLACE IT FACEDOWN.
HE DID IT.
JACK ATLAS HAS MANAGED
TO WIPE THE TRACK
WITH TWO OPPONENTS IN A ROW.
[CROWD CHEERS]
Carly: THAT'S TWO DOWN
AND JUST ONE MORE TO GO.
WHAT IS YOUR
MALFUNCTION, PRIMO?
YOU ALMOST BLEW IT OUT THERE
BY LETTING HIM DESTROY
INFINITE AURA.
I DID WHAT I HAD TO DO.
INFINITE AURA IS FINE.
SPARE ME YOUR PETULANCE.
PETULANCE?
QUIET. BOTH OF YOU.
THIS IS NOT THE TIME FOR YOUR
PETTY BICKERING.
PRIMO ALMOST RUINED EVERYTHING.
HE ALMOST...
BUT HE DIDN'T. RIGHT NOW,
THAT IS ALL THAT MATTERS
THE PIECES ARE IN PLACE.
THE TIME HAS FINALLY COME
TO DEFEAT THEM
AND COMPLETE THE CIRCUIT.
Primo:[THINKING] JUST WAIT,
YUSEI FUDO,
I'LL GET THE CHANCE TO BATTLE
YOU AGAIN, SOON ENOUGH.
WHAT IS SO SPECIAL ABOUT THAT
INFINITE AURA CARD?
MC: LADIES AND GENTS, IT ALL
COMES DOWN TO THIS.
PRIMO HAS PASSED THE BATON,
TO TEAM NEW WORLD'S LAST
DUELIST, JAKOB.
[♪♪]
WHAT DOES THAT CLOWN
THINK HE'S DOING?
DOESN'T HE NEED,LIKE,
A DUEL RUNNER ?
I DON'T THINK I LIKE
WHERE THIS IS GOING.
[EXPLOSIONS]
HA, HA, HA.GAME TIME IS OVER.
THE REAL BATTLE BEGINS NOW.
PREPARE TO FACE THE END OF
EVERYTHING YOU KNOW.
[EXPLOSIONS]
WHAT IN THE WORLD?
DID YOU GUYS SEE THAT?
[CROWD GASPS]
MC: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THIS IS A FIRST.
DUELIST AND DUEL RUNNER
JOINED AS ONE.
SOMETHING TELLS ME
THIS IS ONLY
THE FIRST OF MANY SURPRISES.
[ENGINES ROAR]
THESE GUYS ARE ACTUALLY
PART MACHINE
Bruno: [THINKING] NO WAY.
[ELECTRONIC NOISES]
YOUR TIME IS UP, JACK ATLAS.
I AM GOING TO BEAT YOU.
BETTER DUELISTS HAVE TRIED.
BUT IF YOU THINK
YOU CAN DEFEAT ME,
THEN BY ALL MEANS, BRING IT ON.
WHERE DID THESE COME FROM?
THESE ARE THE RINGS
THAT MAKE DAMAGE REAL.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND IT'S MY TURN.
FIRST,I SUMMON GRAND CORE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
THEN,I TRIGGER THE
ATTACK CANNON TRAP CARD.
WITH THIS, I CAN DESTROY UP TO
THREE MACHINE-TYPE MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD, PROVIDED THEY
HAVEN'T YET BATTLED.
AND FOR EVERY MONSTER DESTROYED
DUE TO THIS EFFECT,
ATTACK CANNON BOMBARDS YOU
WITH 400 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
OH NO.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
GRAND CORE'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
SINCE IT WAS DESTROYED
DUE TO A CARD EFFECT,
I CAN SUMMON MEKLORD EMPEROR
GRANEL INFINITY.
GRANEL TOP, GRANEL ATTACK,
GRANEL GUARD,
AND GRANEL CARRIER.
AND NOW THEY
COMBINE TO FORM
MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL.
[ELECTRICITY BUZZES]
[METAL CLANGING]
Computer Voice:
Meklord Emperor Granel,
is an earth attribute
machine type monster
with zero attack
and defense points.
MC:TEAM NEW WORLD
HAVE SUMMONED
THEIR THIRD
MEKLORD EMPEROR.
NOW I ACTIVATE GRANEL
INFINITY'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
THIS MONSTER'S ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS
BECOME THE SAME AS
MY LIFE POINTS.
RELATIVELY IMPRESSIVE.
BUT RED NOVA DRAGON IS STILL
MUCH MORE POWERFUL THAN THAT.
YOUR MONSTER'S 4000 ATTACK
POINTS ARE NOTHING
COMPARED TO MY 5500.
YOU'RE RATHER CONFIDENT IN YOUR
PRECIOUS ATTACK POINTS.
TYPICAL FOR ONE SO OBSESSED
WITH BRUTE FORCE.
ALLOW ME TO SHATTER THAT
CONFIDENCE FOR YOU.
BY ACTIVATING THE
TAKEOVER SPEED SPELL.
AARGH.
BY DESTROYING
INFINITE AURA,
I GAIN LIFE POINTS EQUAL
TO THE NUMBER OF COUNTERS
ON THE MACHINE,
MULTIPLIED BY 100.
HUH?
BY A 100?
THAT WOULD GIVE HIM.
INFINITE AURA
HAS REGISTERED
80 COUNTERS DURING
THIS DUEL.
THEREFORE,I GAIN
8,000 MORE LIFE POINTS.
AND NOW, DUE TO MEKLORD EMPEROR
GRANEL'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
ITS ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS,
BECOME THE SAME AS
MY LIFE POINTS.
SO IT'S GOT 12,000
ATTACK POINTS?
LESTER AND PRIMO WERE JUST
GATHERING COUNTERS
FOR INFINITE AURA, SO THAT JAKOB
COULD INCREASE
HIS LIFE POINTS, HIS ATTACK
POINTS AND HIS DEFENSE POINTS.
SO ARE YOU SAYING THAT
THOSE OTHER TWO GUYS LOST TO
JACK ON PURPOSE?
GET A LOAD OF THE LOOKS
ON THEIR FACES.HA, HA, HA.
THE CURTAIN IS RISING ON NEW
DOMINO CITY'S FINAL ACT.
WITNESS MY POWER.
MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL TAKE OUT
RED NOVA DRAGON.
JACK!
HOLD ON.DON'T FORGET
MY SPECIAL ABILITY.
I CAN REMOVE
RED NOVA DRAGON FROM PLAY
UNTIL THE END PHASE.
NOT THIS TIME YOU CAN'T.
THERE'S NO ESCAPE.
[ELECTRONIC NOISES]
WHEN GRANEL ATTACKS, IT CAN
NEGATE THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF A SYNCHRO MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD.
IT WHAT?
GO FINAL BOMBARDMENT.
[EXPLOSIONS]
[ROARING]
RED NOVA DRAGON.NOOO...!
JACK!
OH NO.
OH MY.
THIS IS TERRIBLE.
AND NOW, GRANEL ATTACK'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES.
AND IT ABSORBS
THE SYNCHRO MONSTER
THAT WAS JUST DESTROYED
IN BATTLE.
[EXPLOSIONS]
AND WITH THAT, MEKLORD EMPEROR
GRANEL NOW GAINS ATTACK POINTS
EQUAL TO THE
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
OF YOUR RED NOVA DRAGON.
WHERE'S YOUR CONFIDENCE NOW,
JACK ATLAS?
OUR VICTORY IS IMMINENT.
AND SOON, NEW DOMINO CITY
WILL BE NO MORE.
I HAVE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE
THIS YOU GUYS.
Luna: YOU'RE UP, CROW
YEAH, I KNOW.
IS THERE ANY POSSIBLE WAY TO
DEFEAT THAT THING?
Yusei:THINKING IF THERE'S
NOT,THEN WE'RE DONE FOR.